Hello, I
am Lee Yong-ho, a man with Hoonprang.   I've been
laughing a lot since I was a kid, but I
like taking personal photos because I don't like the market.   I'm
not here right now, but let's
talk first.
One, two, three.
Isn't this your first time filming in our store?
This is my first time shooting in a store.   I
came here once during closing time and you were really busy.
We have a big event this week, so do
n't you think I'm a little out of shape?
So the person's face is a bit faded.
That's because I'm working hard.
Hey, who are you waiting for?
Groom, it's been a while since I've seen you.
How long has it been?   It's
been a while since I've seen you. I
went to Taiwan last week and I'm
going to the US this week.  If you look at it once a month, the
representative is at the Gangnam branch for a week, right?
Right?  This is Hwangdaejeom, so it's
been a while since I've seen you.
Hello, it's been a while since we last saw each other, so I thought I'd talk to you for a bit.
Say hello.  Our charismatic
subscribers.  This is my
first time being properly introduced, but
hello again. I
am Lee Yong-hoon, the CEO of Mi and the man who lived with Jung Ji-shil.
Don't you usually say husband?  Because we're
just living together for real.
Oh, but give me a scolding.  We don't see each other very well.
What are you subscribed to that you haven't seen
?
Oh, of course.  I'll subscribe and watch it all.   I
saw what came up yesterday and the day before yesterday
.  They
just didn't show up.   Did
n't it come out the day before yesterday?
No, the day before yesterday, I
bought something with Lilu, a towel or something.
Yes, do
you happen to know our subscriber's name?
What is your subscriber name?
Dingdi
[laughs] I
saw it again, again.
How was the Gangnam match today?   I was
busy today.  It's always full so there
's a lot of waiting and there were a lot of customers today.
Sales were good too.   I
feel good because sales are high, but it's so
hard.   It's
so hard.   I
can't see you two at home.
Do you only see it in stores?
I go out late and come back late, so I'm
sleeping at that time, and the only thing I see
at home is the sight of people sleeping
.
We meet briefly in the early morning.
When you go to the bathroom, if you run into me for a moment,
don't tell me that you're using separate rooms, because we're using separate rooms.  Is it true that
people treat people strangely for no reason
?   It
feels weird when something is left alone.
But everyone who is married knows that this
is a very happy life.
I'm very sensitive and sleepy, so I
'm very noisy.
Don't talk about it while you're writing.
Ah, you don't sleep still when you sleep.
Okay, let's talk about the next thing.
Oh, I lost a little weight, but you
mentioned that Kim Seung, right? He asked
why I lost so much
weight, why did someone do something, why did I lose weight? Because
you didn't feed me delicious food, so you didn't give me
food, so I
prepared it,
so I prepared it, this time we collaborated with Pradak and
came out with chicken, right?
The name of this is 1-pun Jjamppong, and the center is
pretty, so I made the center Nesippi and it
came out really well, the peppers are
similar to yellow peppers and Hwangbyong peppers, but a little smaller, a
brand called Hwangbyong, which is famous for this chili, and it's a
menu that we made with care, so try it once, because I like
evaluating, please evaluate it, I like evaluating, so
I said this, a
little bit about the taste, really, a little
sensitive, because now that I'm
someone who has done a lot of hall service, I really
hate having to evaluate.  But let's
evaluate this too.  But I
think this wing combo would taste better.
But you
liked it originally.  Please eat the legs first and
then decide on that.   huh
.   What
we eat is completely different.
So when a chicken comes in, my
son and my husband sit down and each
tear off a leg.  Well, I like wings and necks, so I
eat them like that.  Oh, and now
try eating one of the legs.  Since you said it was hard work, I'll
eat it.   It's
hard to keep the texture of the peppers intact when they're delivered, but they're not soggy and
are very crispy.   huh
.  Why isn't it wet?
This has a glazed coating so it's
super crispy.  And the flavor is different and
it's spicy, so the texture of the chili pepper is
really good.  It's
a little crispier, glossier, sweeter, spicier, and
yummy than regular chicken
Right?   huh
.   It
has all three flavors.   hmm
.  It's well made.
These peppers have such a nice texture.  There are some
differences that are clear.   hmm
.  Oh, you have to have beer with chicken
You know?  You eat a lot.
No beer.
ah.  He's serious.
and.
When it's over, it'll be filled.
ego.  Ah, I was going to
eat because I thought it would be salty. We
usually eat together,
no, we do
n't eat together so I don't really like alcohol.
What are you going to do about those eyes? Since we live far away, I do
n't eat either. I ate twice as much as I should since I drive all the time
.  Oh,
this is it?  It's delicious.  This is so delicious.
Try it.
delicious.  I ate that.  Oh, so
now
how much time will it take for him to get married?
11 years.   It's
been 11 years for us.  We got
married in 2013 and Wooyoung
came out in 2014.
But I'm really curious.  Does it go well with high-quality food
?  Would you like to have just one drink?
I think it would suit you very well.   Let's
try it once.
[Music] It
suits you.  suited.
I said it seemed like it would suit you.
Ah, this would be really salty if I drank it with strong alcohol in the summer
.  I highly recommend it.
Oh, then I said we only talked about the two of you this time
Let's have a conversation instead of talking about work.  Not a diary.
yes.
What are you worried about these days?
1. What are you talking about, land?  Did you see it?
So let me ask.  What are you worried about?
Worrying is work,
but it's not work. We don't have direct contact with each other
.  Now, I would like to hear more about the two of you
as a couple after a long time.
How do you feel about your love these days
The question is wrong.   It does
n't get particularly worse or better,
so since I don't see it often, it feels
new every time I see it.  It's
like we just met a few days ago.  Because of that,
unlike other couples, we don't really have any big fights and we
don't have any time to show affection since we've been together since this year, so there hasn't been much change
.  Then don't you two raise your hands now
.  Well,
you can just hold hands like this.
What does that just catch?  That's a touch.
Just give it a try.
Just take a look at the line.
I don't catch it very well.
Too busy eating and drinking.
I use screens a lot, but I don't really
like it.  Whenever I try to do something, he
always hates it.  It's thick.   You
are also very comfortable with skinship with those employees.  The husband must be good.   My
employees are like my children, so I do it because they
are my employees, but my husband doesn't.   Because
employees are important.   My
husband is not important.  Since the man is doing well,
he is doing well.
Ah, let me talk about Wooyoung
.  Now
that I'm entering puberty, I'm curious about my position as a parent
I'm also scared of puberty. Will puberty come?
Everyone comes, but the difference is how much you vent, so
I also give Wooyoung a few
warnings.  Whenever he
gets really angry and
wants to rebel against his aunt, mom, or grandma, I tell him to
think of me. I'm not joking. I
tell him to hold back and think of his dad because he'll get really hurt
Try to be a little strict.   We
act like real friends normally, but
when we get in trouble, he yells so loudly that I think I'm going to wet my pants. That's why
Wooyoung is the scariest.  So, there's
no one else I'm afraid of.  Hey,
we thought Chef had raised him like that
Girl girl
girl yeah devil
mom and I are together and when we are together with son,
at first he says my baby and he really
likes it.  We'll fight in about 5 minutes.   It's
the same for 5 minutes each, 10 minutes each.  If you talk for 5 minutes, you'll fight.
I too am fighting the same arrogant fight
.  I carry it around everywhere
What if Woohyung suddenly goes through puberty and starts having
hair like that?  When I come to that situation, I think, "
Well, if it's
hard, I'll come in. If I
go out, there must be a reason."   I'll
be watching to see what he does, but
I don't think he'll try to grab it.  Me too, but I think I'll
watch from a distance and raise it a little to avoid any major accidents
.   I'm secretly
a little bit sensitive.
They are of opposite tendencies.
That's how we live.  Then
which one of the two does Wooyoung like more?
Wooyoung's mom.
Wooyoung didn't even think about it and immediately said, "
Mom."   Because her
dad is scary, Wooyoung's wish is for her
dad to win,
so she works out really hard.
Whether it's games, studying, exercising, or strength, I
want to cut it all down.  Whenever he gets a chance, he
always asks me to play a game with him and
always tries to beat me in the game
Is it your mom you like and your dad you want to win against?  Then
yes.  That's how you should look at it.  Then,
shall we try a test now?
test.   If I
send a KakaoTalk message saying "I love you, son" at the same time, who will reply first?
Aren't you sleeping now?
Hey, aren't you a good kid?
No.  No, you're not sleeping.  How can I
raise and love my son the same way again?
But I don't use the word "I love you".
So,
let's do this once.  Should we try?
Are you awkward?  It's a given now
.  It'll be awkward.   I
don't think he'll answer.  Dad, why? Dad, why
are you like this?  I think so.
Are you ready to show us just one screen?  I'll press it
at the same time.  Get ready, get
ready now, one, two, three,
okay, if
Wooyeo doesn't have enough hair, I won't send both of them
Since he's a bit of an independent person, since he was little, he
likes his mom, he likes his dad,
who does he like?  I've seen this question asked a
lot.  I like it so much that I
never talk about it.   If
he had little hair, he really wouldn't do it.
I can't see it.   Are
n't you coming?   I have
n't seen it.  I'm nervous.  I thought you'd come to me first
.   I'll
proceed and see if I get a reply
.   I'm
nervous.
You were extremely nervous.
I think I'll make a wish.   I get
mad at my son a lot.
I feel sad.   I
think it would be better to see your wife first for the sake of peace.
Okay.  First of all, I was
curious about something in our content before.
I heard that there are two chefs who are dating and then become members.
once.
Oh, it was just one time.
I remember that too.   You
said twice, but
we did it twice.  It was once.
So, I remembered and I
could understand why we broke up then.
Why why?  why?
don't
what?  Did you remember, Chef?   huh
.  I suddenly remembered now.
Now that I'm a freeloader, I'm a government employee.
We've been really close ever since we started dating.
Why are you doing that when your stomach is really upset?   Whenever
we were dating, I
always told him to be a little more moderate, but he
got it.  Yeah,
of course I did it first because I was tall
Oh, well, the CEO is a bit of a
dog person in terms of style, but he
caught all his sons.
Hey, hey, wait
a minute,
who came alone?
How many minutes have you been here?
35 minutes.
Came the same way.  35 minutes.
Oh,
I sent them at the same time.  What did he say? He
sent it and it came back the same.
Haha me too and
thank you.   That
guy looks like he's been in contact with Tu Bao for a while.
Ah, if you had come even a minute earlier, I wouldn't have
tried it, but since you came at the same time, you're
really quick to pick up on the content.
Hey,
should I call your son?  No, it isn't
Hey
son,
mom,
are you watching this because of YouTube filming?
Mom, filming YouTube.
Oh
Young-
ah,
why are you sitting at 10:47?
Okay,
but did you send it because of your mom's YouTube channel
Isn't it?  But
how can the time be the same as my dad's?  Like that, I
just miss Wooyoung so much, that's why I
do it a lot.
No matter how much I look at it, that YouTuber is
n't it.  Wooyoung, 10:47. Okay, I'm
going to shake it. Okay, I'm going to sleep.
Mom and Dad, what's wrong
Hey, what's wrong? Nothing's wrong
.  That's a pretty word.  Please plant pretty words
Another pretty word,
oh, I love that pretty word
.   That
's right, you're right. Your
eyes are quick.  Have you ever heard someone say, "
Hurry up, hurry up, hurry up" to check again
?  Tattoo girl and
Agetnam, what kind of
styles do you think these two have?
It's very emotional.  Have you ever seen a drama where a
robe is worn out and a Moore-styled
garbage collector is thrown away?
I dug a hole.  I cried so much.  I did
n't cry.   I
forgot about that baby.  I cried a little at that time
Oh, when someone cries on TV, I cry
too.   When
someone cries, I cry too.   When a
love
scene comes out like this, I just cry and do this.  Why am
I a beggar?  It feels a bit like this.  You know, a little bit,
a little bit emotional
?  I don't
wear skin care products.  I bought ten cosmetics.
Up to ten, no,
I put it here and ...  If I had
n't changed it, I would have
been in big trouble.
So, when I put on makeup, I just
wipe it off and pat it with water and that's it,
but I put on a lot.  If I receive a gift, please
give it all here.   It
fits our girl just fine.  Just
apply it all you see.   Even when
I go out in front of the house, I just go out without doing anything
.  Just draw the eyes.  But
here, everything is cleaned up and left.
I often see customers paying like this today, and when I do it up
close, their
faces look a bit messy, and
I often regret
talking to the teachers like this
.  I thought I shouldn't show such ugly things, so should I try to
balance it out now
?  What's a more pleasant bad thing to hear from a person of the opposite sex
?  You just
seem like a good person to marry.
I think this person is a good person to date.
When I hear it,
I think it would be better to date one of the two, but I still
feel bad about it.   If you
listen closely, both of them feel bad.
So, which one of the two is more
difficult?  So, it feels like
if you only date and date and don't make it to the finals, you'll
just be abandoned, so it feels
a bit like, "Oh,
no," to say that dating is good.  Then I guess marriage
just doesn't appeal to me and I'm trying to settle down
.  Then doesn't this feeling of love
have various charms
So what kind of people did you two feel like when you were dating
?  As you mentioned earlier,
before we broke up, I only
thought of the person I was dating.
After meeting again, I think you are my future spouse
.  I did.
There is nothing.   I
just said let's get married, and
I really booked the wedding market,
I booked the honeymoon, and
I booked the wedding dress.   We're
doing wedding photos.  Well, then you usually
choose like this.
You did it alone.
It's a wedding dress.   I
didn't choose a wedding dress, but we
went together and chose a dress,
but
there are usually things like that.  Now that I
think about it, we're talking about fitting.   You
wear a bunch of those and block them.
Then, usually, you would take a picture or
do some kind of expression, but you
just wore what they chose for you without any explanation
must have been pretty.
And after the wedding car was over, they kept doing it one by one, and I
took a picture of it as my own issue.  But
usually there are more brides among the photography teachers, so
why are there more grooms this time
But the photo is my photo, so it's my photo.
So, so, it's not half and half.  I also
did it mainly for myself.  So I
asked them to give me some more choices.  I just
pick things like that and I have
no interest in this or that.  So I
did it all.  Usually when you get married, you fight over things like this
I didn't like that.  One person needs to
stay still so things can progress quickly.  I
had that kind of mindset.
You almost always talk to the bride.   I
really couldn't say anything.
Ah, it's hard to do all the interior design and choose all the furniture
I thought you got married alone.
So if you just do everything, you can just go and
check it like this and it's fine.  Other
than that,
we know that you two also have male and female friends, so we wonder if it's
possible for the other two to eat together,
but it happens often, so
I've never had that happen to me.
Oh, there
are a lot of believers.
I don't have many boyfriends.  She
's my girlfriend.
Oh, so
yeah.  In my social life, almost
90% of the people around me were men.  There are no women.
Rather, I
feel more awkward with my girlfriend.  I have never
thought that the CEO would feel bad when he sees the lady alone like that
.   huh
.  There must be a reason.
That's never happened.
Right?  It's the same as going out to play.
It looks like you're having fun.  Not just a short story.  Everyone, let's
talk about this first, 3 on 3. What is this?  The 3rd party, no, the
meeting itself was originally like that,
so middle and high school friends came out to Namyu Airport and
just aligned with the 3rd party.  It's
not like we're going as a pair.
yes.  yes.  But on the outside it looks like it's
3 vs 3.
At that time, I didn't understand anything because I was a newlywed
.  Why don't you go to your spouse?  But
now I'm the first married person in this group.   It's
awkward for me to go.  Yeah, so they
just go and play 3 on 3.  yes.
I told you to go and come back.  But when I listened to it, it
seemed like something worth fighting about.  I
didn't know this.
If you let this go coolly, it will continue to walk throughout the video
No, that's not it. Just listen carefully during the video
.  No contact during the video
ah.  Oh, that's
weird.  So let's just watch the video
.  They keep calling me to ask what I'm doing
.   Because I did
n't contact you.
Let me tell you what is possible for just the two of us.   It's
possible for two people to do mercury.   I
don't think it will work.  why?
Oh, that
won't work.   huh
.  No, it won't work.  But
I don't think we've ever eaten it together.
I think I'll write it while eating.
I just
did that.  I hate wasting time.
Oh, why are you
calculating everything and buying it
like this?
Oh, right?
Right?
Yeah, that's right.
Yes, that's right.  Let me ask you one last question
I'll keep that main photo.   I'm
keeping it, but it
doesn't work.
We heard that the CEO was keeping it somewhere else, so we brought it
home.  It's still there.   It's still
there now.
Yes.   huh
.   Even if you tell me to
clean it up, it doesn't clean up.  But where?
No, I don't know where or what it is.  Only I
know.
I asked him to earn it.
Why am I being abandoned?  hurry.
No, I asked you to tell me where it is, but there's a
warehouse in a warehouse.
No, no, not that one, but there's where you
put your sword, right? Oh, it's there. What's there? There's only the
old
uniform, protector, and things like that, but there's a
box. Oh, what is that? There's a box. Yes, I have
n't been to that warehouse much since it was strange, and I only put formalities in and took out carriers.
Oh, so why is Silk-nim reinforcing this?   I
told them that it's not a storage space but a shared house, so they can just clean it up.
We were filming this story before,
exactly two years ago.
That's why I searched the warehouse a lot at that time.
But it doesn't exist.  Oh, you threw it away.
Ah, I found it.  Let me ask you something.   I do
n't know if you mean the storage room on the veranda side, but
we filled up that storage room right there
there is.
There it is.
Because it still exists.
Whose picture is there?  Oh, why
exactly three?
I see.
Three people doing different jobs.
Oh yeah,
who is it?
I don't know.
Oh, I'm curious, those two guys
took a lot of pictures like that.   huh
.   It's been a
long time since we took a picture together, except for an old picture from about 10 years ago when we were still chilling out. We haven't taken a picture together in the past year
.  There are no pictures taken like that.   We
haven't really gone anywhere together on our days off.  And even if they did go, since Wooyoung and his
family were there, I do
n't think they necessarily took pictures of the two of them like this
.   If the
staff members are there or your son is with you,
why don't you just take a picture of the last rice cake we took together today and leave it at that? Actually, taking pictures
isn't that hard, but I thought, why do two people have to take a picture?
In this situation, I would call the staff members or something and have them come
quickly and take a picture
together.
But I don't have any, but
if you look at my husband's KakaoTalk profile pictures, they are all
pictures of me.
Then, since it's my KakaoTalk, I
should put my picture in it.
There are KakaoTalk photos,
photos of myself, photos of the baby, and that's
it.   There probably
won't be any photos taken at all.
I don't have any pictures of anyone.
Isn't that too much?  Sister, Sool and
Kim Sung
[music]
Really, we're going to end this now, so
please hold each other's hands since there's no more skating.
Hold both hands?
What's difficult?
No, no, it's not difficult.
Oh, what caused you trouble?
Try to squeeze it tightly.
Look at my eyes, look at my eyes,
oh, don't force yourself, really, I'll
say it properly, I love you, and
end it.
I love you, I
love you.
I love you,
oh I love you, that's
good.  yes.   I
think it was good that we were able to appear on the show today and have some time to talk separately while filming this.   Let's have
another proper look together with Wooyoung next time
.   Cook me a
meal and treat me.
Oh, me?   huh
If you do it, don't do it again.   It's
like this, but I don't do it.   I'll
do it again if I pick up the camera.
camera.   Long
time ago,
when I was pregnant, I did it for you a lot
Oh, I could
n't eat the food I made myself
.  So I was created every day
.  But I had a good pregnancy.
I gave her a foot massage tomorrow night during her pregnancy.
I had a full body massage.  A foot massage.
Aren't you going to do Karura too?   It
was really hard.
I had a full body massage for an hour.  Front and
back panels.  It's so hard that I
start today and then I get upset and cry and I'm
so sad.   If
someone saw me, they would
cry so sadly that it seemed like I was a parent.  I've been
doing it for just ten months.  So, Dad,
how hard is that?
That's a good thing to do.
TDMids, please try out this product that I collaborated with Pradak this time and
show lots of love.  I'll let
you know more details later.  Hello, Minmi,
and your loved ones
hi.   Are
you calling here?   Have
n't you seen it?
Son,
yes.   Are you
feeling unwell?
But why
why?   are you
okay?
Mom and Dad said they loved me so I was touched
That's right.  Why are you crying again?  Mom and
Dad, of course you love us.
[Music] I
should do this more often.  I'm embarrassed.  Why are you
crying so much?  Pretty, pretty,
pretty.
I'll tell Dad to say the word "I love you" often.
Love me quickly.  Yes, that's right.
good night.   There
are so many tears.  Hey, we
have this group chat.  Here, Wooyoung
is crying because he is touched.
It's a problem that Leega says he loves you so trivially and then scolds you afterwards.   I
have something to say.
love you.  But did you have a festival?
And then I get scolded right away.  It's
worth doing.  Love is love,
homework is homework, studying is studying